Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD)
Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (AB InBev) is a Belgium-based company engaged in the brewers industry. 
The Company owns a portfolio of over 400 beer brands. The Company's brand portfolio includes global brands, 
such as Budweiser, Corona and Stella Artois; international brands, including Beck's, Leffe and Hoegaarden, 
and local champions, such as Bud Light, Skol, Brahma, Antarctica, Quilmes, Victoria, Modelo Especial, Michelob Ultra, 
Harbin, Sedrin, Klinskoye, Sibirskaya Korona, Chernigivske, Cass and Jupiler, among others. 
The Company's soft drinks business consists of both own production and agreements with PepsiCo related to bottling 
and distribution arrangements between its various subsidiaries and PepsiCo. 
Ambev, which is a subsidiary of the Company, is a PepsiCo bottler. Brands that are distributed under these agreements are
Pepsi, 7UP and Gatorade.

Anheuser-Busch Companies, LLC produces and sells beers. Its portfolio includes spirits, malt beverages, and wines. 
The company distributes its products, as well as other brands to retailers through independent wholesalers in the 
United States and internationally. It also manufactures aluminum cans and lids for soft drink companies in the United States. 
Anheuser-Busch Companies, LLC was formerly known as Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc. and changed its name to 
Anheuser-Busch Companies, LLC in October 2011. Anheuser-Busch Companies, LLC was incorporated in 1979 and is based in 
St. Louis, Missouri with agricultural operations in the United States. 
It operates a recycling facility in Hayward, California. As of November 18, 2008, Anheuser-Busch Companies, LLC operates as a 
subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV.Anheuser-Busch Companies, LLC produces and sells beers.

Budweiser
In 2008, Budweiser was purchased by InBev, a company that is headquarterd in both Belgium and Brazil. 
The brewing company behind Budweiser, Anheuser-Busch, merged with InBev in a $52 billion merger deal. 
As of 2014, this merged company is known as Anheuser-Busch InBev.

The Budweiser beer is a pale lager that was first introduced by Adolphus Busch in 1876. 
The product is available worldwide and is one of the leading brands within the United States. 
The beer is made using a combination of hops, barley malt and rice and contains an average alcohol content of 5 percent. 
In certain countries in Europe, the beer is sold under the brand name Bud.
